Upgrade to Node 20 (#24)
CruGlobal/content-based-filtering: README.md

```bash
# Install asdf and the node plugin
brew install asdf
asdf plugin add nodejs https://github.com/asdf-vm/asdf-nodejs.git

# Integrate it with your shell
# ZSH shell integration is shown here, but for installation instructions for other shells, go to https://asdf-vm.com/guide/getting-started.html#_3-install-asdf
echo -e "\n. $(brew --prefix asdf)/libexec/asdf.sh" >> ${ZDOTDIR:-~}/.zshrc

# IMPORTANT: Close that terminal tab/window and open another one to apply the changes to your shell configuration file

# Install the version of node defined in this project's .tool-versions file
asdf install nodejs

# Check that the node version is now 20.17.0
node --version
```

### Running the local server

1. Copy `.env` to `.env.development` and fill in missing environment variables
2. Run `corepack enable` to ensure you have corepack enabled.
3. Run `yarn` to install dependencies

> 4. Run `yarn start` to run function locally using a `stage` of `development` (configured in start script in `package.json`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run `yarn start` to run function locally using an environment of `development` (configured in start script in `package.json`)
```
